---
title: Its been a bit
description: 
date: 2020-10-9
draft: false
categories:
- Personal
- Journal
tags:
- Personal
- Journal
series:
- Personal
---

It's now october and I haven't written much since my last blog post. This is a little disheartening but there are lots of reasons why and many excuses I could make. Normally, I would try and recount for the lost ~10 days of journalling but I do not have the time to do that today and do not want to.

My love for what I do at AirCycler has been rekindled, I find myself enjoying what I am learning in my classes much more than previously, but I have a lot of wasted time in my day. Youtube, lack of control over my priorities and tasks I need to do for other people, it has been interesting.

A few things have occurred to me that are interesting.

An open repository of interactive knowledge (Desmos graphs, problems, visualizations, and proofs) when it comes to math, physics, chemistry, and a whole slew of other things would be super cool. I imagine taking what I learn in class and making nice pretty visualizations of it for everyone involved helping overall understanding of concepts.

I am not a bad programmer, I find that I beat myself up sometimes because I can't figure out where a bug is originating from, or writing code that isn't bug free, but this is a part of the process. It is hard to keep track of all the things that are going on in ones head all the time and writing codes is just prone to making mistakes. That being said, I am proud of how I am doing in my current college computer science course, CS187 - Data structures and algorithms. This is movitating me on returning to my ongoing learning of the programming language Rust.