---
title: DNS Fun and Dyken Pond
description: Developing during the pandemic
date: 2020-08-14
draft: false
categories:
- Personal
- Journal
tags:
- Personal
- Journal
- Self-improvement
series:
- Personal
- Development
---

What a journey the last almost three weeks have been.

Quick summary:
* Been working hard at AirCycler solving problems and writing software.
* On Aug 6th the chancellor annouced no on-campus housing for fully-remote students (doesn't change my plans)
* The upcoming puppy has been very exciting
* Lillian and I left Thursday, Jul 30th to head up to Dyken Pond
* Lillian and I watched Hamilton the musical finally.
* My mother, Lillian, and I visited mount Equinox during the week and took a hike
* Lillian stayed until Aug 7th and I stayed the weekend with my ski friends (Ryan, Matt, Bobby, Sam, Reed) and my sister.
* I came back and applied rule #76 to my life (Thanks Reed) => "Always play like a champion"
* I started reading the book my friend Chris Gomez recommended me called "Red Rising". So far, it is a great sci-fi novel.
* I started learning rust Aug 13th. [See hello-rust](https://github.com/jack-champagne/hello-rust)
* I am leaving for dyken pond again tomorrow (Aug 14th) after Lillian finishes work to spend time with my Duxbury friends.

That's basically the rundown! I have been *very* unmotivated to work on this website because the DNS (on Github pages end) keeps breaking and I don't want to keep fixing it. This night, 12:18 am on Aug 14th I finally re-read Github pages documentation which gives a good rundown on the DNS setup. It also seems like there have been lots of improvments to github pages recently too!

I have been slowly beating back the bad habits monster but I am definitely feeling best this week out of the weeks I have been working (been trying to go into the office 9to5). 

Anyways, I will hopefully be updating this while I am at Dyken Pond.
Bye!