---
title: Friends at the lake
description: Duxbury edition
date: 2020-08-18
draft: false
categories:
- Personal
- Journal
tags:
- Personal
- Journal
- Dyken pond
- Self-improvement
series:
- Personal
- Development
---

Back from a great weekend at the lake with friends. A lot happened over the weekend and we got to do a lot of the things that I wanted to do. Firstly, the dates. Lillian and I left on Friday at around 1:30 - 2 and arrived at 5ish. Dinner had already been prepped by the both of us a week in advance so all we had to do was put on the spaghetti in advance, dress the chicken parm, and make a salad. The first day we swam and went out on the boat a bit to look at the stars. The sky was spectacular and we saw many shooting stars. I was able to identify (Saturn/Jupiter), Mars, Ursa Major, Polaris, Arcturus, and the Milky Way in the sky.

The next day was a lot of water sports and good eating. We were all sore by the end of the day and we played a lot of BANG! the card game. I am going to reread the rules because after about 5 mins of reading them while writing this, I can tell that there have been a few fatal differences between how we play and how this game is supposed to be played. My mom also showed me how I can fix the boat when it is being afflicted with the bad gas from Stewarts (water in the gas) and we got the boat running for the whole weekend.

Sunday (8/16/2020) was a bit of a crazy day. Around lunch my mother got a call from Shane that Alannah was not doing well. I could tell by the questions she was asking that it was quite serious. My mother remained calm for the majority of the day and came and went as she was tending to the situation. Lillian cut my hair for the second time that afternoon. During dinner my mom had to leave and we said goodbye, Alannah passed away that night.

Sunday and Monday morning were relatively normal. I kept in contact with my mother (who had flew out to Atlanta on Monday morning) as well as continued to host my friends until we started cleaning up around 4. Lillian and everyone was a huge help because earlier I had sliced my big toe on a glass that fell after I cleaned it. I then hobbled over to the bathroom and for the second year in a row (this time because I was hopping around on one foot) I smashed the light fixture in the Dyken pond bathroom. My hand had minor cuts but my foot had a small but moderately deep cut that I had to dress with cotton balls, gauze, and waterproof tape. Everyone left the camp, sad to go, at around 4:40. There are still some things that I want to do up there with them that we did not get around to. I would like to bring everyone over to the environmental center for a hike out to the petrified bog. I would also like to bring everyone to ramblewild or something like that. I would also have liked to show all of my friends my mom's house down in center Berlin and her back yard. I would also have liked to have enough time to show everyone the pet Emu's that the people on Airport Rd. had. This will have to wait till next year.

It is now Tuesday morning and I have just arrived at work at around 10:10, ready to use my brain, ready to work hard even with this slashed big toe. I am still working on Red Rising, Rust programming language, and am now prepping for the fall semester. I didn't hear back from any of the scholarships I applied for and my financial aid is unfortunately going to have to change for the fall semester. I have a lot of stuff to do to prep for the fast approaching fall semester and I am anxious to get learning again. This weekend I also have become more comfortable with the idea of not being able to have a normal spring semester. After hearing some *very* preliminary data on campus life during the pandemic, I deem it unlikely that campus life will be back to normal in any meaningful way, even with a vaccine, during the spring. This is okay with me because I will get to have more continuous time with the new puppy which we will be getting on (8/29/2020) and also I will get to pay less money for not living in a dorm room.

All for now, updates will keep rolling in as I go. A lot of motivation to work on the youtube bot though!!
Can't wait to see where that project will go.
\- You all know who's writing this.