---
title: I long for
description:
date: 2020-08-26
draft: true
categories:
- Personal
tags:
- Personal
- Self-improvement
series:
- Personal
---

I long for something great to strike me out of a page, out of a screen, through my very own eyes to touch my heart and mind. It is fruitless to look outward for this, it can only be found within. I am the sum of my thoughts, actions, words, memories, and feelings. I am me.

Time is the scarecest resource. Nothing can give anyone more time. We are mortal, we live and we die. How we spend the miniscule fraction of a slice of the universal time-scale is what defines us. Not the wealth we accrue (it can't buy time), not the enemies or alliances we make (they can't buy time), nothing we can give away can buy us more time. [If only we could have more time](https://open.spotify.com/track/7EsSVPxaYoAZjQwhspJBs2?si=XBqWF6ezQXGdX-xt_XzRtw)
<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/7EsSVPxaYoAZjQwhspJBs2" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
We live on an attention economy. A world where we are pulled relentlessly by people, computers, and companies/media to give our attention. Deciding where we spend our most precious currency is what defines each and every one of us. No one wants to be remembered for being a cruel, nasty, destructive, time-wasting, self-absorbed, and lazy person. How do I want to spend my time? Certainly not tied up in some computer algorithm a social media company has cooked up for me. This is why I view entertainment and media as evil. It ties up attention. Its goal is to maximize its occupation of its user's attention. It will always leave its user starving. It will never satiate the user; It would be suicide to do that for the user. The user leaves the moment it is satiated so it leaves it behind, starving for more, tearing apart at scraps so that they can never leave and are dependent.

It is evil.

I had a thought earlier this day. The thing that inspired me was how Open-source software works. Wikipedia is *my* prime example of what open-source information looks like. Albeit fragmented, the information displayed on Wikipedia is often factual because of its reliance on its users to cite outside sources for credibility. Where is the library of alexandria? Where is the open-source knowledge that could be gained and displayed by the world and for the world. What if I could as a child confidently use a place like this to never take a class at a classical educational institution. What if I could learn anything I wanted, see everything the world had to offer at my fingertips? What if everyone could expirience what could be possible by the collective intelligence of humanity. What if the collective intelligence of humanity was able to help itself?

