---
title: "Netlify incoming"
date: 2020-06-01
draft: false
categories:
- Development
- Personal
- Journal
tags:
- Hugo
- DNS
- git
- Jamstack
series:
- Development
- Personal
---

9:20am

Two days ago, I was able to get the site to build on netlify. The site displayed correctly and as of right now uses the slick theme. As of writing this, I will be working on migrating all of the old site content over to this new site and hooking it up to my domain (https://jackchampagne.com)

Will be updating this throughout the morning.

4:00pm

So! It's not quite the morning anymore but a TON of stuff has been changed. As I would like to make changes to this theme in the future, I have forked the theme's repo and added it as a git submodule in the [source](https://github.com/jack-champagne/tidbits). I have also reformatted posts (added categories, tags, and series) and gotten my DNS (hover.com) to use Netlify's nameservers. This will enable me to use their CMS (Content Managment System) and CI (Continuous Integration). Having my domain point to Netlify was as easy as pie this time. Migrating hosts (previously [github pages](https://pages.github.com/)) to Netlify provides numerous advantages, especially the relaxing of the 'static' aspect of the site. Netlify will handle form submissions (providing for email and polling and other fun stuff) and their CI + CMS is really nice. (And it's free! A big emphasis everywhere for me)

4:08pm

Now trying to do a local build on my machine before I push the repos to be built on the web! Fingers crossed that cats, tags, and series work properly.

4:13pm

First build failed because of a missing space on line 10 of 2020-04-25-galactic-dinosaurs.md in between the `-` and `Science`. Second build failed because I didn't save. Third build succeeded in 5 seconds (Whoa, this is supposed to be a lightweight theme!). Looking at the built site, I noticed a typo that created two tags that were meant to be one: `Self-improvment` and `Self-improvement` were merged and then I build again. Now that everything looks good, time to commit these changes and let the magic of CI take over!

Talk soon,
Jack
