---
title: Dyken Pond
description: The start of the 2020 season for Dyken Pond
date: 2020-06-11
draft: false
categories:
- Personal
- Journal
tags:
- Personal
- Journal
- Dyken pond
- Books
- Python
- Movie Review
- gist
series:
- Personal
- Development
---

It's been an awesome week! Finishing the Lord of the Rings trilogy concluded with an epic 3hr movie session with my girlfriend (Wednesday afternoon). I have to say, in the beginning, it felt as though I would not be able to become as attached to the characters as I did in the hobbits. The trilogy's different style coupled with the lack of Bilbo, the Dwarves, and Gandalf made it difficult. At the end of nearly 10 hours of movie almost solely featuring the Fellowship of the Ring, I am just as attached to the characters as I was in *The Hobbit* trilogy.

Yesterday night, my sister and I traveled up to dyken pond to see my mother and to enjoy some time in the country. It is always so peaceful out here. The rain on the tin roof is always one of my favorite sounds out here. The new grass has been mowed at the camp and in Center Berlin, there is plenty of yard work to do!

I also finished reading the book I have been working on *Automate the Boring Stuff with Python* by Al Sweigart and I must say, I really enjoyed the read. I learned a lot about internet protcols (http, smtp, sms), filetypes, python's inner workings, character encodings (I really didn't know the world needed to be this complicated), windows command line and more from this book. I am currently deciding which book to read next out of 10 that I bought in a bundle about a year ago. Last night, finding something that I could apply my newfound knowledge to, I created a process of copying text from my laptop, to my phone using text. The full source code [is on github as a gist](https://gist.github.com/jack-champagne/c2810e9595e07b539edd9e1b3f158f3a) feel free to check it out! (It's really short). I used the smtplib, and Verizon's email sms gateway service to send data to my phone. I was able to have my python program get text either from command line or clipboard, send it over email to a special address @vtext.com (Verizon's email to sms gateway) which then got sent to my phone. THis was free, fast, and clean in my opinion. Works like a charm in my opinion! The motivation for this came out of need for a way to send text over to my phone (like copy and paste) from my windows machine. On Mac, it's quite easy as it would just be a quick iMessage to myself. But there is no iMessage on windows, so here is my alternative!

I also want to note and record that me and my girlfriend's minecraft world has progressed and we beat the Wither, minecraft's other boss, on Monday. The fight seemed a little bugged (or maybe I lack expirience) but the Wither was acting strangely and then targeted me, killing me and destroying nearly all of my stuff (not Elytra!). I was not that upset thought, now I have truly moved on to the endgame. Also, the day before, we raided the Woodland Mansion and obtained totems of undying (which I used during wither fight :sad: ).

All for now!
Jack
